---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-10
labels:
  - MIS
---

1. My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
    After completing assignment one, I was able to code a very basic e-commerce website. This is a very big improvement because from the very beginning of the semester, I had no coding background. Although, I wouldn’t consider myself a pro-level webpage designer, I can definitely see that I have made a big step towards that. 
2. I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
    I feel that I could use some improvement when it comes to detecting errors. Sometimes I do catch myself with simple things such as a misplaced bracket or quotation mark. Or maybe even errors in conditional loops and statements. However, I do also feel that with more practice, I will become better at catching myself with simple errors like that. 
3. I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.
    I feel that I am much more confident to start WODs and work on them myself. Though I may not be able to do the prescribed time on the first try, I can see that it is possible on to do with my own knowledge. However, there are some times where I get lost or confused at a certain step or task. Which would require me to seek help from screencasts and other online sources. 
4. The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.
    The labs definitely help me learn because it provides excellent examples and solutions to similar problems that I see in the WODs or Assignments. It also helps me stay on track and focused on lessons during the online zoom calls.
5. I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).
    I do look forward to working on the next stage of complexity in programming. Though I am proud with how my assignment one turned out, I am excited to see how much better I can make it look and function in assignments two and three. 
6. I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
     do suggest that the dynamic schedule on the class website should be updated more ahead of time. As well as maybe offer more lecture time towards the modules that seem to be more challenging, such as Server Side Processing for example. 
7. These are things that work really well for my learning in this class.
    I think that the organization of lessons work very well for me. I like how we started off with the basics and progressively build upon each lesson. In addition, I like how we can tie in our own style of creativity when it comes to certain WODs and Assignments. It definitely gives a sense of excitement when doing a particular WOD or Assignment. 
