---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-11-24
labels:
  - MIS
---


1) Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details

Assignment 2 is essentially upgrading the E-commerce store created in Assignment 1. The major difference between the two assignments is that in Assignment 2, users are now required to login to their account to proceed to the checkout. However, new users must create and register for a new account using an email and creating their own password. For more details: [Click Here](https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html) 

2) What did you learn from this assignment?

I learned that proper naming of variables and objects are extremely important. The names should be very specific as you are working with a bunch of variables and objects that could have a very similar name. It is very important to do so because if you put in the wrong name, the whole code will not run properly. It was easy for me to get confused between each name. 


3) Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).

No

4) How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?

When I needed help, I referred back to the previous Labs. As well as going back and re-watching the recorded zoom lectures. In addition, Stack Exchange and W3 schools were an excellent source for help as well. When it came to testing, I also received some tips from my fellow classmates.

5) How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?

To me, Assignment 1 was not as tricky as assignment 2. Assignment 1 was essentially taking the WODs such as Smartphone Products and the Invoice and putting it together, making it a very basic E-commerce site. Assignment 2 was taking Assignment 1 and modifying it to be more user specific and replicating the feel of an actual online store.

6) Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging

I would spent at least 25 percent of the time thinking about how I would go about something. At least 25 percent of actually typing the  code. The other 50 percent of the time running tests and checking to see if the code was working.

7) Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?

I think that registering new accounts as well as logging into active accounts worked pretty well for this assignment. As well as adding more pages that fit the theme. Sending alerts and and showing errors were definitely something that I would say did not work well. It took some time, but eventually, I got it to work for most of the possible common errors.

8) If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?

If I had to do something differently, I would definitely spend more time on the stylesheet and make the web page look more legitimate. I feel that the webpage still looks like a generic page. However, with more practice, I believe I could make the webpage look like a real E-commerce site.

