---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Blog
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-12-18
labels:
  - MIS
---

1. What was accomplished in the project as compared to what was planned?
            
           I planned to have a designated page for each of the products. However, I figured it would be easier and would look cleaner if each type of product had its own tab, where they are different types of sizes. 

2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?

           There are a few minor bugs in the code. The most significant one would be when you are trying to send yourself an email copy of the invoice. Sometimes the website will have give error or it will tell you that "the email could not be sent" due to the fact that the server is listening to or is "online" for another person's project. Although, for the most part, the project meets all of Assignment 3's requirements.

3. What was your biggest project risk and how was it managed?

           The biggest project risk was not thoroughly anticipating possible errors that the code might throw. I definitely ran into errors what I did not expect to run into, nor did I have a clue on how to fix. Thankfully I was able to work around or through them with some help from the lectures or online.

4. What is your assessment of the overall quality of the system?

           I think the overall quality of the system is pretty good. The assignment meets the general requirements for assignment 3. I feel that the project still has plenty of room to improve in terms of looking and performing like a real e-commerce store. 

5. What is needed before this system can be placed into operation?

           In order for the assignment to become fully functional, it must be operating on a live server. With enough window time for the user to go through the full "online shopping" experience.

6. Describe what you are most proud of about this project:

           The part that I am most proud of in this assignment was being able to incorporate sessions and cookies into my assignment 2. I was worried that I would have to start my assignment 3 from the beginning with a new design.

7. Describe what you are least happy with this project:

           Like I stated earlier, I feel that the assignment has plenty of room for improvement. More so, in the designing and functionality of a real e-commerce website.

8. Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. "I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization"):

           For this project I worked alone. 
